most of what we've heard about this
reboot of Devil May Cry is people
moaning about Dante's hair not being
white in fact there's even a little joke
about this new barnet during the first
level of the game but fear not finish
the game and you'll be able to play
through the levels again with a new
shade of short haircut that might
appease you fans of the older games will
be pleased that cambridge-based
developers Ninja Theory have also done a
good job of combining the hard core
gameplay of stringing combos of moves
together to rack up Triple S rank and a
more contemporary storyline that
transcends the game into an enjoyable
romp if you like to play games to
immerse yourself into a new world this
time around Dante's bending over
backwards to kill all manner of demons
in the spiritual world of limbo with a
help of his Nephilim half-demon
half-angel brother Virgil and a human
who can see into this other realm called
Kat you'll be combining up to nine
weapons as you do this that can get a
little confusing at times as you try to
figure out which trigger to press to
activate a demonic or an angelic weapon
which includes swords pistol sides axis
shotguns and two whips that can be used
to pull enemies towards you pull you
towards them or also leap and fly about
the levels in search of secrets and to
traverse more open levels where the only
other option is falling from a great
height the game does like a lock-on
system however which can be frustrating
when some enemies require a specific
attack if there are too many on screen
you sometimes can't get a range attack
to hit the enemy you're aiming gap which
can lead to death and your combo meter
draining down through the letters of the
alphabet if you're hit collectibles
include keys you can find to open secret
doors that let you play through
challenges you can then try again in the
menus to get better times and scores
lost souls you can free if you're an
achievement hunter and other items you
can use to fill up your health revive
you from the dead or fill up your devil
trigger meter so you can deal a serious
amount of death and regain your health
if you're in a tight spot although
running on the Unreal Engine which is to
be honest getting a little bit creaky
the game looked pretty good thanks to
the full performance capture ninja
theory optics for when it came to acting
characters are believable and there are
great moments during cutscenes which
really pull you into the action boss
fights are also a joy concluding
fun fight with a big slug called the
succubus and a really psychedelic fight
with the demonic news anchor that's like
a cross between the lawnmower man and
res music also ups the ante even more
with some fantastic heavy metal tracks
and some dubstep thrown in there for
good measure when you fight Joan Collins
in our nightclub it's not really Joan
Collins by the way she's just very very
baggy so to recap fans of the original
series may still be whining but this
really is a very good fighting game that
retains the fighting mechanic of the
original but gives a new spin that's if
anything a bit more accessible to people
but may found it too daunting and
difficult in the first place DMC gets
the first gamesweasel 9 out of 10 of
2013 you've been watching your review
from gamesweasel if you want to get the
show each week which includes video game
reviews news previews competitions and
special features then head over to
gamesweasel calm for our video podcast
gamesweasel TV gamesweasel